Let's see this in action.
Start by cloning the code from the link found in the course notes section.
The soap project is different from the one that we use for the Rest example.
Now, let's look at the wsdl file,
it's also known as the service description file.
So this is the URL to the wsdl,
I've downloaded it and included it in my project.
So let's navigate to intelligence.
You can open the code,
and navigate to number conversion.wsdl is found underneath the resources folder,
and then underneath a wsdl folder.
So let's take a look at this.
So this is the service description and it tells more about the service,
I particularly want to know about the operations available.
So let's search for that.
Notice there are two operations,
Number ToWords here, and Number ToDollars.
Of course in our example we are going to use Number ToWords.
Now, let's navigate to the Maven palm file to see the dependencies.
Specifically, for spring web services,
you'll use the dependency as outlined here on lines 33 through 37.
Notice it's called Spring- boot- Starter- web -services.
So this dependency includes everything you need in order to use Spring Web services.
Now, let's discuss spring -web-services a bit more before we generate the Java code.
Spring-ws-core also called Spring Web Services
helps with the creation and consumption of XML.
Features include XML mapping to objects and vice versa using jaxb.
It also includes multiple libraries to support parsing XML.
Spring -ws is contract first only.
This means that you need to start from a contract definition like
a wsdl or XSD file to generate the Java files.
The next step is to generate the domain objects based on the wsdl.
Let's see this in action.